docs/install/index.rst, before:

========
Overview
========

This section introduces how to install and configure vSphere Enterprise Kubeflow. vSphere Enterprise Kubeflow runs on various types of setups, including physical vSphere cluster, virtual hosts, and public cloud. A step-by-step guide is provided here, with troubleshooting suggestions to common installation failures.

Integrating vSphere Enterprise Kubeflow with authentication services and Gitlab enhances the platform's security and collaboration capabilities. For authentication, vSphere Enterprise Kubeflow can be integrated with existing Identity Providers like LDAP, Active Directory, or OAuth2-compliant services. Additionally, vSphere Enterprise Kubeflow can be connected to Gitlab for version control and collaboration on machine learning projects. This integration enables users to synchronize their code, pipelines, and notebooks with Gitlab repositories, streamlining the development process and fostering a collaborative environment.


.. note::
   Note that some sections might be optional, depending on your environment.

Commit message:

Rename vSphere Enterprise Kubeflow to Freestone Kubeflow (#132)
Co-authored-by: Siyuan Tian <siyuant@vmware.com>

docs/install/index.rst, after:

========
Overview
========

This section introduces how to install and configure Freestone Kubeflow. Freestone Kubeflow runs on various types of setups, including physical vSphere cluster, virtual hosts, and public cloud. A step-by-step guide is provided here, with troubleshooting suggestions to common installation failures.

Integrating Freestone Kubeflow with authentication services and Gitlab enhances the platform's security and collaboration capabilities. For authentication, Freestone Kubeflow can be integrated with existing Identity Providers like LDAP, Active Directory, or OAuth2-compliant services. Additionally, Freestone Kubeflow can be connected to Gitlab for version control and collaboration on machine learning projects. This integration enables users to synchronize their code, pipelines, and notebooks with Gitlab repositories, streamlining the development process and fostering a collaborative environment.


.. note::
   Note that some sections might be optional, depending on your environment.
